All that remains for me to do is to say good-bye.
All the commune members, young and old, went out to hervest the crops.
As soon as they finish the new businese administration building, our offices are going to be moved.
Beautiful though the necklace was, we thought it was over-priced so we didn't buy it.
By the end of last year, we had learned over 2,000 English words and phrases.
He has sold his house and a lot of furniture in it.
He is a friend of mine.(He is one of my friends.)
He is not concerned with the difficulties of the factory at all.
His English was good enough for him to pass the TOEFL.
I arrived early in order that I might not miss anything.
I met Lao Wang as soon as I went out of the door.
I'll finish working at 5:30 and get home by 6 o'clock.
In this country the old get well cared and the young well educated.
It's my father who came here to look for me this morning.
It's the only building I've ever seen which is made entirely of glass.
Lead has been used as a material for sculptures since the time of the early Greeks.
Many students and a teacher is having practice in this plant.
My wound has been aching ever since it started to rain.
No doubt you would like to know how I have been getting along since I left school.
She as well as the other students has learned this method.
She put a bunch of flowers by the edge of the table.
She was born at two o'clock in the morning September eighth 1980.
Since you won't help me, I must do the work myself.
The People's Republic of China was founded on October 1, 1949.
The United States has become the richest country in the world.
The alarm was raised as soon as the fire was discovered.
The boy was sent to a special school for the deaf.
The hotel receptionist wants to know when we will be checking out tomorrow morning.
The old prefessor came back to Chine in 1949 when the mainland had just been liberated.
The whole society should be concerned about the health and sound growth of children.
They gave their lives for their country and were honoured as heroes.
They must have worn gloves in order not to leave any fingerprints.
Thousands of people were starved to death during the famine year.
To get into university you have to pass a number of examinations.
We are walking at the speed of one mile at hour.
We have invite him here to speak, so we'd better go to his lecture.
We would rather live in the suburbs than in the city.
We judge a person not by what he says but by what he does.
A man should be judged by his deeds, not his words.
If you can use a word correctly and effectively, you comprehend it.
He floored his opponent with a fine punch in the first round.
They presented a sum of money to the college in memory of their son.
I will not breathe a word of your secret to another man.
I'm sure people will think, Aah, it's because I've slept with Tim.
The standard English accent, the a (for example in father) is pronounced aah, not like a like apple.
They say "ooh" and "aah" when the electric company turns on the thousands of little lights in the ball.
Like, I go to Walmart and I just want to go get some boxers and socks, but there are posters of me everywhere. Or my song comes on the radio, and it’s like, ‘Aah!.’
Objective Diagnosis and differential diagnosis of atypical adenomatous hyperplasia of the prostate (AAH) were studied.
It has been proposed that stepwise progression occurs from atypical adenomatous hyperplasia (AAH) through bronchioloalveolar carcinoma (BAC) to invasive lung adenocarcinoma.
Atypical Adenomatous Hyperplasia (AAH) of the human lung has been recently implicated as a possible precursor lesion of bronchioloalveolar carcinoma (BAC).
Moreover, an improvement on the traditional histogram called the average area histogram (AAH) is proposed to represent color features.
They ooh and aah when the thousands of little lights in the ball come on.
AAH has been shown to have immunohistochemical, morphometric, flow cytometric and genetic abnormalities overlapping with adenocarcinoma.
I don't understand. Your dad asked me to bring over all my stuff on homeschooling. Aah! after christmas, we can reevaluate.
Aah, that's not so bad, Walden thought. That we might be able to manage.
They ooh and aah when the thousands of little lights in the ball come on.
Atypical adenomatous hyperplasia (adenosis) - when seen in a needle biopsy - is one of the most challenging benign mimics of cancer. A partially sampled focus of cancer may be mistaken for AAH.
“It's an amazing place ,” AB said,“ but our hotel room was filthy and we ate the same thing every day. Noodles for breakfast and rice for dinner.”
“It ’s an amazing place, ” AB said,“ but our hotel room was filthy and we ate the same thing every day.”
It is equipped with shotguns, tear gas, a night- vision camera and bags of Obama's blood (group AB).
My grammar finds an ABC when it is available, but settles for an A, or AB, when that is all there is to find.
Notice that alternatives within the (ABC | AB | A) alternation are all tried before the parser looks for the trailing words.
Therefore the regular expression A * B will match the strings AB, AAB, AAAB, or any other string starting with an A and ending with a single B.
If a torque is applied to the disk in such a fashion that the axis of the torque is the same as that of rotation of the disk, the direction of the former will be parallel to AB.
A search for a 3 - letter word, like ABC, can be done by searching for AB and BC.
So, now we can answer the initial question because vector OP, well, we just add up OA, AB, and BP.
I had taken AB calculus during high school (not BC), and had scored a 4 on the AP exam (not a 5).
Next, get a listing of the /tmp contents in the root terminal; notice that there are likely other files but no /tmp/ab.
The ab utility is simple to use: Provide a repeat count and a URL.
Use ab to automate a large number of requests for PHP pages.
The ab utility requests that URL many times over and returns statistics.
Descending into the new exhibition, hard-core science fiction fans may be taken aback at some of the work around them.
When the new semester started earlier this month, he was taken aback to discover that 55 students had applied for the new minor, which only had room for 50.
But he might be taken aback by the popular sympathy for his plight.
While I was initially taken aback by negativity of the people, I eventually learned to manage it and channel it into conscious action.
I think we're taken aback here. We're taken aback by the rude interruption in the otherwise seamless flow of the poet's lament.
Many Samaritans who met him on his travels, as well as journalists and others, were rather taken aback by Mr Varah in person.
But even he might have been taken aback by the recipe concocted by Peter Ferlow.
You should not be taken aback with some issues that might put you off at first reading.
I enjoy speed, ” Jonathan said, taken aback but proud that the Elder had noticed.
I, and several of the other young professionals in our group, were taken aback by his casual remark.
In the last few years, I hadn’t thought about her, and her sudden call one morning had taken me aback.
“I was taken aback by it, but we sort of talked through it, ” Mr. Hubbard said.
Speaking to the Observer last week, Richard Blair says he believes, from family legend, that Astor was taken aback by the enthusiasm of Orwell's response.
“I was surprised that the elimination of subsidies and trade barriers wasn’t higher ,” he said, adding that he was also taken aback by the fact that climate change issues ranked last on the list.
The man from our local solar leasing company came to give a quote for our current home and was clearly taken aback when I mentioned that we had chosen geothermal for the house we’re renovating.
I'm always taken aback when I communicate with parents who have no understanding of the devastation divorce cause's children.
I was a bit taken aback by this comment, but later on I realized that this general belief was fairly prevalent in both the development and testing communities at large.
But even China - watchers may have been taken aback by a development in China's financial capital.
In response to declining math skills among their students, some Japanese schools are bringing back an ancient calculating device - the abacus.
At the other end of Eurasia, Lao-tzu, Chuang-tzu and the followers of Confucius elaborated Chinese thought; the abacus and blast furnace were invented; and the Grand Canal was begun.
Because the abacus is a daily-use device made from wood, few of them have survived.
“This provides a new template for disclosure ,” he said. “Entities putting products [like ABACUS] out are now on notice.”
The Abacus and the Cross is a useful corrective to popular prejudice, but it does not go far enough.
It told investors that the securities bundled together to form the CDO, known as ABACUS, had been selected by an independent “collateral manager ”, ACA.
Some might argue that dependence on an abacus is no different than dependence upon a calculator, but this is not at all the case.
I may use pen for writing and use abacus for statistics.
An abacus is essentially an array of beads threaded on string or held in grooves, with each row representing a different digit.
When students mastered the abacus, they developed more confidence in their ability to do math.
It's going to go way beyond ABACUS. Regulators and plaintiffs' lawyers are going to be looking at other deals, to what kind of conflicts Goldman has.
Regulators at the SEC and around the country said they would be investigating other deals beyond ABACUS.
Not only did the students become adept at doing calculations with the abacus, they become adept at doing calculations without it.
When completed, the Human Epigenome Project (already under way in Europe) will make the Human Genome Project look like homework that 15th century kids did with an abacus.
The Chinese use the circuits that process visual and spatial information and plan movements (the latter may be related to the use of the abacus).
Goldman acknowledges that the marketing materials for the ABACUS 2007 - AC1 transaction contained incomplete information.
The highly reflective surface and the abalone shell made this photograph a real challenge to take.
Lighting is everything. The highly reflective surface and the abalone shell made this photograph a real challenge to take.
Yeast don't normally do any of those reactions on their own, so Belcher and her students had to engineer them to express genes found in organisms such as the abalone.
They found two abalone shells, most likely used for paint mixing and storage.
Then the fat, iron oxide powder, charcoal, stone chips, quartz grains and an unknown liquid were gently stirred in the shells from the abalone they may have feasted on the day before.
One of the few animals that use tools, sea otters use rocks to smash open prey such as sea urchins or abalone.
One of the few animals that use tools, sea otters use rocks to smash open prey such as sea urchins or abalone.
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
Abalone seashells are made up mostly of calcium carbonate but because of how abalones mix that soft material with proteins at nanoscale sizes, the shells form a nearly unbreakable armor.
The two clusters of tools and two ocher - filled abalone shells were found in 2008.
Would you, ultimately, fib about how much you spend on abalone and shark’s fin?
Abalone, a kind of edible sea snail, is a highly prized and expensive ingredient in Chinese cuisine.
Traces of ocher were left on the tools, and samples of the reddish compound were collected in large abalone shells, where the paint was liquefied, stirred and scooped out with a bone spatula.
Then, in 2008, researchers uncovered an ochre mixing kit in a South African cave. They found two abalone shells, most likely used for paint mixing and storage.
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
Hong Dong has been raised on beef, chicken, abalone, and sea cucumber.
Would you, ultimately, fib about how much you spend on abalone and shark’s fin?
Microscopic striations on the inner abalone surface likely are likely scrape marks left during paint mixing.
Microscopic striations on the inner abalone surface likely are likely scrape marks left during paint mixing.
“We're trying to mimic natural biological processes ,” says Belcher. But,“ we don't necessarily want to make the exact same structure that an abalone does.”
He went through with his plan although all his friends advised him to abandon it.
Finding himself under fire from all quarters, he had no alternative but to abandon his scheme for the time being.
Only they will not abandon me, only they will not betray.
Jesus on the cross cried, “My God, my God, why did you abandon me?
Jesus on the cross cried, “My God, my God, why did you abandon me?
You need to know what to abandon if you run out of time.
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
Many of you feel that returning responsibility to people in this way means to abandon them or to tell them to solve the issue all by themselves.
Letting Go: I think educated people find it harder to just accept, to abandon themselves and their ideas, to let go of what control they have.
Many of you feel that returning responsibility to people in this way means to abandon them or to tell them to solve the issue all by themselves.
But why should they? Why should China abandon a trade policy that is working marvelously well for them, and adopt a trade policy that is failing dismally for us?
But Neupane said it would only add to their woes as men would marry widows for money and later abandon them.
By adding positive messages to your memory bank and squashing the criticisms whenever they arrive, you are taking action to abandon those aspects of yourself that do not belong in your world.
That scenario would probably be the worst, because rogues would not abandon their efforts and the rest of us would not have done enough research to know what to expect.
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
He is at work on a new novel, different from the one he had to abandon, and he continues to battle to regain strength on his right side.
We don't want to abandon people without offering them any direction and the alternative would be chaos.
Even if the answer to these questions is "yes ", talk to your current supplier before you abandon them; they may be able to compete.
"One of things we often do is abandon our good coping strategies," she said.
There's no mystery about the decision to abandon "The Last Man in Europe ".
If Congress fails to approve this agreement, it would not only abandon a brave ally, it would send a signal throughout the region that America can not be counted on to support its friends.
The man shamelessly abandoned his wife and child for another woman.
The man shamelessly abandoned his wife and child for another woman.
Some of us do so because we need people to like us: our greatest fear is of being abandoned and rejected.
I kick aside an abandoned bag of swimming gear, damp and mildewed.
If it wants to do so, the prepayment funding system should be abandoned.
But no sooner did I have that ambitious thought than I abandoned it in favor of the song in my head.
Yet we have not lifted sanctions, nor have we abandoned our commitment to the people of Burma.
In an abandoned village there is a bear rules the roost of apple garden.
I have often found this to be necessary at the beginning of projects or working out which enhancements deserve further investigation and which should be abandoned straight away.
Do not picture yourself as anything, and you will drift like an abandoned ship at sea.
It comes from an irrational but powerful fear of being alone — of being misunderstood or abandoned by people we count on the most.
When they exhausted a quarry, they stuffed it with rubble or simply abandoned it.
I got there before sunrise to buy tickets and found this abandoned park with an empty swimming pool.
He had abandoned his homeland because of a pernicious system, but now that the system had been overthrown he would return.
In general, half abandoned villages certainly have their charm and can impress a lot, like this school.
As a child, each of us has been neglected, hurt, abandoned, or spat on in one way or another.
About a third slept on the streets, in cars, abandoned buildings or in'another location not meant for human habitation,' the report said.
Although it looked cool, I abandoned this flat method of modeling because in the end I felt it too illustrative next to all the other landscapes.
He met this trio at a hip hop concert staged in the gardens of an abandoned mansion.
Broadcasters said villagers on Alishan had crawled down the mountainside to an abandoned police station to request aid by radio.
Abandonment and abuse are not acts of God, they are failures of love.
I'll go from taking great care of myself and communicating well to abandonment and silence as I let work consume me.
Above all, nature photography lends to our lives what we long ago lost in our modern abandonment of nature – the experience of wonderment, that sense of discovery, newness and awe.
But often this feeling of abandonment or estrangement from God has nothing to do with sin.
But I can tell you this: Abandonment, even for very good reasons, feels awful.
You will also face heartbreak and abandonment by those you love.
To be sure, obesity is genetic and many times the social milieu of obese patients I work with is chaotic with issues of abuse, abandonment, shame, ridicule, and anger.
Above all, nature photography lends to our lives what we long ago lost in our modern abandonment of nature – the experience of wonderment, that sense of discovery, newness and awe.
I had prayed steadily for weeks, and there had been no answer but this coldness and darkness, this harsh air, this abandonment.
The Brooklyn gang series is not really about gangs; it ’s about emotionality and tension, abuse and abandonment.
These girls are dealing with depression, anger, loneliness, the feeling of rejection and abandonment.
To this day, millions of domestic animals are subjected to a life of loneliness, abandonment, pain, betrayal, sickness and hunger by humans.
We can experience cold, hunger, pain, sadness, abandonment, loneliness, fear, joy, etc. with the same intensity humans do.
The word “forsaken ” refers to an experience of total abandonment that leaves individuals feeling alone in their time of greatest need.
Life, misfortune, isolation, abandonment, poverty, are the fields of battle which have their heroes; obscure heroes, who are, sometimes, grander than the heroes who win renown.
Moreover, believing that this impossible situation is one's goal is dangerous because it involves a commitment to believing a lie and a consequent abandonment of rationality.
What an ominous minute is that in which society draws back and consummates the irreparable abandonment of a sentient being!
Let it be said by the way, that this abandonment of children was not discouraged by the ancient monarchy.
Abandonment, rejection, loss or ridicule often lay at the heart of many seemingly bizarre phobias.
To burp audibly at a formal dinner is not a breach of ethics - it is not a sin or an immoral act - but it will make one feel abashed.
When they brought my father his change he flung it disdainfully back at them, while the station master stood abashed at this exposure of the meanness of his implied doubt.
The investigation eventually led the police to conduct an abrupt search at the home of a local office who was abashed when he learned of the search.
Amy came in hastily, and looked rather abashed when she saw her sisters all waiting for her.
But I somehow felt greatly abashed while returning home, as if I had acted like a raw and bumptious youth in thus thrusting myself upon him unasked and unintroduced.
Nikki began to feel abashed by his praise of her beauty.
My father is the one who tells the story, usually when I’m home for a visit, and I do my best to play the abashed, grown -up child, shaking my head at my behavior.
Ellen was abashed at the thought of making a speech in front of her entire school.
The little flower -selling girl is naive and how dare she asked the same abashed men to buy her flower.
Hurstwood was greatly abashed. His eyes expressed the difficulty he felt.
He was only somewhat abashed, however, and later, when he met Harry, he tried to explain along with his half- hearted apology (OP).
She was not abashed at all by the many pairs of eyes watching her.
"All right," said the latter, somewhat abashed, it might be well to do it.
Be all ugg boots way hugged apartment once at the Wei Zhuo, rarely didn't feel perplexed alternatively abashed Nan ugg tall ashore the inverse grew apt beyond wordsly have truce of mind.
He hesitated, abashed at his first attempt to use a strange word.
The moon will be abashed, the sun ashamed; for the LORD Almighty will reign on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem, and before its elders, gloriously.
After several months, her abdomen grew high, which abashed her very much and abased her to some degree.
Some see commodities in general, and gold in particular, as a hedge against inflation, and so may sell if their fears about rising prices abate.
Political pressure on China from abroad to allow faster yuan appreciation is unlikely to abate in the near future.
The swift apprehension and strict punishment fo these criminals help to abate my lack of faith in the legal system.
Analysts said the FOMC might still lower interest rates in October if economic indicators deteriorate or the financial market storm fails to abate.
"When panic and risk aversion abate, money will start flowing into other regions such as Europe ," said Axel Merk, portfolio manager of the California-based Merk Hard Currency Fund.
It is suffering from a four year old siege, the destruction from Israel's war and now a continued siege, with no sign of any real abatement.
The project, which targets industrial pollution, sells emission reductions to the Bank and others, with a portion of the revenues going to the government’s new pollution abatement program.
by taking measures to prevent exposure to asbestos in place and during asbestos removal (abatement); and
The year -old Egypt Pollution Abatement Project II leveraged a US$ 20 million World Bank loan to attract another US$ 145 million in financing.
He could not make any offers, for that might be pleaded in abatement of what damages a jury might be inclined to give.
Forests and plants remove carbon from the atmosphere, potentially accounting for more than 40% of carbon abatement opportunities between now and 2020.
The EU has said the system has thrived on easy but environmentally dubious projects such as industrial gas abatement and that rules should be tightened.
The problem has persisted for about three or four weeks now, with no sign of abatement.
For perhaps they have heard some talk, Such an one is a great rich man, and another except to it, Yea, but he hath a great charge of children; as if it were an abatement to his riches.
But they are no longer insisting that carbon abatement is none of their affair.
However, both the statutory language and judicial interpretations of it impose significant constraints upon the abatement efforts which the Agency can demand of industry.
The research group concluded: "Abatement of nitrogen emissions and deposition will be a major challenge to China, requiring policy development and technology investments.
The good news is that there is already a surprisingly large flow of climate finance — as investment into warming abatement and resilience measures is called.
Risk and return tend to be positively correlated, in finance because risky loans command higher interest rates and in underwater drilling because risk abatement is costly.
A World Bank study in 2003 showed that with very few exceptions companies did not choose to invest in poorer countries in order to avoid the costs of pollution abatement in richer ones.
He couldn't make any offers, for that might be pleaded in abatement of what damages a jury might be inclined to give.
At the point where the Montmartre sewer joins the Grand Sewer, two other subterranean galleries, that of the Rue de Provence, and that of the Abattoir, form a square.
The responsibility for achieving this objective lies primarily with the relevant public health authorities who are normally represented by veterinarians or meat inspectors at the abattoir.
In vitro meat, the development of which PETA US is helping to fund, will spare billions of animals all the cruelty of factory farms, the terror of transportation and a painful end in an abattoir.
Russian soldiers were trampling up and down on the corpses, dragging their latest victims into position like butchers in an abattoir.
But the most famous porcine escapers were Butch and Sundance'the'Tamworth Two' 'who escaped from an abattoir in Wiltshire in 1998, swam a river and went on the run.
He moved from his parents’ rural home to live with an aunt until the Wests moved his family to Gloucester, where he took a job in an abattoir.
Education in hygienic food handling for abattoir workers and raw meat producers is essential to keep contamination to a minimum.
We obtained data on annual CE incidence from surveillance and abattoir records, and on CE - related treatment and productivity losses (human and animal) from the scientific literature.
Peruvian officials saved 4,000 frogs from the cocktail blender after they were found hidden in an abattoir.
A slaughterhouse also called an “abattoir ”, is a facility where animals are killed and processed into meat products.
Others would be rounded up and sent to an abattoir for either human or pet consumption.
Education in hygienic handling of foods for abattoir workers and those involved in the production of raw meat is essential to keep microbiological contamination to a minimum.
A former concrete abattoir built in the round by British engineers and finally opened in 1933, it will over the coming year emerge as a mixed space.
The inspection is usually carried out by designated veterinarians or meat inspectors at the abattoir.
So PETA required that web cameras should be installed immediately in every abattoir still receiving Australian cows and sheep.
The abattoir, run by JE Tudor and Sons in Treorchy, was operated by Tudor's cousins but not linked commercially despite the fact it supplied the butchers.
I'm making it sound like a weird laboratory or abattoir or something, but it's not.
Have you ever seen the horrible scene that butchers had butchered pigs in the abattoir?
Twice the Abbess bled Robin for his sickness, but it seemed to do him little good, and while he lay there Abbot Hugo of St.
There may be someone on earth — a cloistered abbess, perhaps, or a Taliban soldier in a particularly remote post — who has yet to learn that High School Musical 3 opened last Friday.
Charismatic activity has varied greatly over the centuries, but even at its most minimal the abbot or abbess occupied a quasi - prophetic role.
Without having jurisdiction, the abbess exercises authority over all in the house, and commands in virtue of their vows.
After this the church became the Parish Church of Lancaster with the right to appoint the vicar in the hands of Abbess of Syon.
The Reverend Mother Abbess said that the order never sought the deal, but rather it came looking for them.
But, how can I open the grave by myself? I had better consult with Abbess Shih.
A large monastery is an Abbey headed by an Abbot or an abbess.
As soon as the abbess arrived, Yu Xin's wife hurried over and whispered with her for a while. That must be why.
The Abbess left them, and Little John bound up the vein quickly. But he saw that Robin's lips were almost white, and heard how his breath came with fluttering swiftness.
Once upon a time, there was an abbess in a small abbey.
Most likely the girl was scared by Abbess Shih, for she did not come the following evening.
Captain: Fraulein Maria, I don't know how much the Mother Abbess has told you?
Then she moved on to Germany, where she was made abbess of a double monastery at Heidenheim.
If I give you my help in this matter, you shall give me your ward Marian, who is under shelter at Kirklees with the Abbess there, but is none the less yours to give to any man.
The abbess said the nuns hope the record will touch people's lives.
The abbey was founded by a Norman monk who came over with William the Conqueror in 1066 and became a bishop.
Seiji Uchida, 48, who lost the ability to walk in a car accident 27 years ago, said he has long dreamed of visiting the picturesque abbey of Mont Saint - Michel, set on a rocky islet in Normandy.
Beside the River Wye, Tintern Abbey was the richest monastic foundation in Wales. This made it a tempting prize for Henry VIII during the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
The abbey was a maze of multistory wings, each added in a differing century, the architecture conspiring to create a jumbled complex that now housed four hundred brothers.
In 1191, monks claimed to have discovered the remains of Arthur and Guinevere at Glastonbury abbey.
On either side paintings, statuary, and scattered memorials recalled the abbey ’s past.
Justin Brown is an abbot at a Benedictine abbey that supplements its meagre income by making and selling simple wooden coffins.
There's no hard evidence abbey beers were actually brewed within the walls of a monastery.
She directed us to where my great- grandparents were buried amid the ruins of a 12th - century Cistercian abbey.
This Tryphon is buried at the Abbey of Saint -Georges de Bocherville, near Rouen, and toads spawn on his grave.
The forest surrounding the Abbey of Villiers sheltered these unfortunate people who had been scattered abroad, for many days and nights.
This manor was built by Hugo, Sire of Somerel, the same who endowed the sixth chaplaincy of the Abbey of Villiers.
Many were associated with the abbey ’s self- sufficiency as craftsmen or farmers.
Monks at a Belgian abbey have been forced to stop selling their famous beer after it was voted the best in the world and was promptly sold out.
Now, it's as if people have acquired an aversion to silence ," says Father Christopher Jamison, who organises retreats at Worth Abbey in West Sussex.
But the freedom is wonderful, and that's how I felt walking out of Iona Abbey the other day.
The family just arrived at the abbey. Reverend Mother leads them to a hidden place -the abbey cemetery.
If you went to Westminster Abbey today and looked at the people buried there, how many are Londoners?
Since we don't need our bodies in heaven, I don't have any pockets to keep your picture in, so I am sending it back to you in this little book for you to keep and have something to remember Abbey by.
We put the letter in an envelope with a picture of Abbey and Meredith and addressed it to: God in Heaven.
The hours of waiting before leaving for Westminster Abbey were the most nerve racking.
He jumped from the top of the local abbey to demonstrate his faith and… well, the pub was a nice memorial!
Within the abbey, the cheers of the crowds outside could clearly be heard.
After the morning ceremony at the Abbey, some 600 guests are invited to a reception at Buckingham Palace, where the food and drinks are sure to be amazing.
Ha, but the abbot is Shiyongxin, not you. He is fashionable and has beens changing SHAOLIN into a modern place, different from before.
But when he visited the place and became a disciple of the abbot in charge, he thought the school is already a Pure Land of sorts – for the 200+ kids there then.
After the abbot publicly distanced Shaolin from the Olympics in October, Chinese bloggers and athletes began to suggest the monks are just scared they wouldn't win.
'Kung fu is Zen practice in motion,' says Shi Yongxin, the abbot of Shaolin, sitting in his office next to a sculpture of a meditating Buddha.
After the abbot of Hanshan Temple strikes the bell, netizens will pass the chimes to one another through chat software QQ.
The abbot, or hegoumenos, the leader of the Greek Orthodox monastery, assigns each monk a specific role.
Chinese media have dubbed Shi "the country's most controversial monk "and "the abbot with the MBA ".
He appoints the abbot of the powerful monastery and gives financial support to institutions throughout the area.
Although the Monkey King had severely penalized the black- hearted abbot, he lost the master's cassock once again.
In the area of Jiang, Zhe, Hu, the oldest abbot of Hangzhou Lingyin Temple— Master Muyu was on the priority of the visit agenda.
In the dead of night, the abbot bolted the door when Xuan Zang and his disciples fell asleep, and then set the bedroom on fire.
The abbot hospitably received them. He requested to borrow Xuan Zang's beautiful cassock to get a better look and Xuan Zang agreed.
"It is the duty of the abbot of each temple to supervise the behavior of young monks, making sure that their religious activities will not be affected by the games ," he said.
On the following day, State Mother Wu and State Elder Qiao arrived first at Sweet Dew Temple and took their seats in the abbot ’s chamber.
The Shaolin Temple plans to give tourists an opportunity to experience Zen lifestyles and Shaolin Culture, Shi Yongxin, a NPC deputy and abbot of the Shaolin Temple, said Wednesday in an interview.
The temple, 1, 500 years old, has an abbot who is referred to here as its “chief executive ”; he served as an adviser and investor and even offered temple monks as performers.
44 -year-old Shi Yongxin, abbot of Shaolin Temple, was recognized as an honorary professor by the Physical Education Institute of Henan University Wednesday morning, local media said Thursday.
After watching a 30 - minute kungfu performance by Shaolin monks, Holyfield asked Shaolin Abbot Shi Yongxin for some advice on kungfu .( See photo)
An unknown hacker broke into the home page of Shaolin Temple's official website Wednesday morning with a fake letter supposedly written by Principal Abbot Shi Yongxin, Henan Business Daily reported.
Shi Yongxin, the abbot of the Shaolin Temple, fell victim to an online hoax in which the front page of the temple's website was replaced with a fake letter of remorse。
I like to abbreviate my name because it's easier for people to remember.
Bad: It is a bad idea to abbreviate enumerations; the user will have no idea which value to use.
An alias can abbreviate command names and command - line phrases.
Now, try the disassemble command, which you can abbreviate to disass (see Listing 9).
and there the authors chose to abbreviate the amino acid sequence.
During the late 1830s, it was a favorite practice among younger, educated circles to misspell words intentionally, then abbreviate them and use them as slang when talking to one another.
Use short and meaningful phrases, and abbreviate when necessary. Don't use abbreviations that you won't recognize later.
Since the entire boldfaced expression in statement (5) appears in many code fragments, I will abbreviate it to TREAT (...) from now on.
Code - generating programs allow you to abbreviate such statements and save a lot of typing, which also prevents a lot of mistakes because there is less chance of mistyping.
I did not totally give up on abbreviating the names; however, when I did abbreviate, I tried to provide comments to fully elaborate the meaning of the name.
This also is world car market the abbreviate of intense competition occasion.
Abbreviate the business state in one of the addresses, and spell it out in the second.
Notice how we abbreviate with as w in the cos (x) curve.
To refer to and abbreviate the name of a namespace, again use xmlns declarations.
Make your article easy to read and do not abbreviate words.
Make your article easy to read and do not abbreviate words.
And this spin magnetic quantum number we abbreviate as m sub s, so that's to differentiate from m sub l.
R And we abbreviate that by calling it r, l by two quantum numbers, and an l as a function of little r, radius.
Please explain everything in detail and do not abbreviate your sales pitch.
I like to abbreviate my name because it's easier for people to remember.
The clergyman would only absolve his torturers, abbreviate none of his final words which once more called on the abolition of slavery.
We will use this abbreviation in this article and throughout the series.
A large percentage of classpath - related problems are caused by using one word in the source code and a slightly different spelling or abbreviation of that word in the filesystem.
Several related detectors may be grouped together by sharing the same abbreviation.
OK used such familiar sounds that speakers of other languages, hearing it, could rethink it as an expression or abbreviation in their own language.
Deviation in aviation is dangerous. Writing is alleviated via bias on abbreviation.
Remember, all you have to do is fill in the one or two - letter abbreviation for the chemical symbol.
In some technical sense, the prefix doesn't matter because it's a transient abbreviation that associates names with a namespace URI.
In these contexts, the syndrome is rarely referred to without abbreviation, and the connotations of the reference are frequently more broad than the clinical definition.
Other strings may have to be a certain number of characters, too, such as two letters for a U .S. state abbreviation.
And soon OK was to find its place in many languages as a reminder of a familiar word or abbreviation.
The abbreviation is used to identify a detected bug when running from the command - line client.
If using the above CSV file to retrieve a state name based on a state abbreviation, you can set up the lookup to use column 1 as the key column and column 0 as the value column.
In this example, the input file will contain a state abbreviation and the output will require the full state name as shown in Figure 3.
You also provide an identifier, which is just an abbreviation of the full URI of the issue for friendly display, the creator of the issue, date submitted, brief title, and verbose description.
The WHO emblem, name and abbreviation are also protected from being registered as a trade mark under Article 6 of the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property.
Most consist of an abbreviation that stands for either the type of star or a catalog that lists information about the star, followed by a group of symbols.
Popular legend holds that this is an abbreviation of "current set of rows ".
Using a glossary model, you can define the name, abbreviation, alternative abbreviation, type (prime or class), if it can be used as a modifier, status, and abstract or description for terms.
In this case, that maximum length is 2, which is the understood postal abbreviation for a state in the United States.
Abbreviation support lets you specify a list of abbreviation - full word pairs which are then used to build the names for entities and fields.
You can use the same general pattern to cause an insertion map or an abbreviation to perform any scriptable action.
If an entity has a defined abbreviation property, the corresponding table is named according to the abbreviation property.
He said, “That was way above my pay scale. I was working for ABC.
Then he leaves us, to go find someone from ABC with whom he has a real interview scheduled.
After more than 11 hours of bids and counter bids, ABC won in the sixth round .There was only one scorpion.
The team travelled from village to village with a generator, a television set, and a VCR, and played the ABC videotape for hundreds of villagers.
Just yesterday our family had the chance to donate art supplies to these migrant children and to see them display their impressive art skills at an event sponsored by ABC.
I had forgotten all about the letter, and ABC agreed to send us a copy, which they graciously did.
Most notably, there is no mention in “Secrets of the Savanna ” of the ABC documentary, or the controversy and police investigation that followed.
A 2004 ABC News poll showed that 60 percent of Americans read the story of Noah’s Ark as literally true.
Mary Dykes told me that the scene might have been filmed in Zimbabwe; she also suggested that ABC News could have staged the shooting with actors.
After more than 11 hours of bids and counter bids, ABC won in the sixth round.
The results of the Washington Post/ ABC News poll are a reversal of what voters said at the start of Obama's presidency 18 months ago when about 60 percent expressed confidence in his decision making.
Her decision will affect CBS Corp's CBS Television Distribution arm, which syndicates the show, and Walt Disney Co's ABC - owned and operated TV stations that broadcast the show.
The investigators were also hampered by the absence of the ABC cameraman and producer, who had long since left the country, and of Mark and Delia Owens themselves.
ABC analyst Matthew Dowd says when there is a sudden and large shift in polls such as with Palin, it is usually temporary.
Could you arrange for a taxi to take us to ABC Building every morning?
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
ABC News Anchor Gibson also asked Palin several times whether or not U.S. forces have the right to make cross- border attacks into Pakistan with or without the approval of the Pakistani government.
Notice that the profile matches a queue named ABC. .JKL because it has three nodes, even though the middle node has no characters.
But researchers and development workers say that back then, the campaign actually promoted all components of ABC, especially education about the virus and condom use.
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
During those years ， it has been controlled ， for the most part ， by the broadcast networks， ABC ， NBC ， and CBS ， who have been the major purveyors of news ， information ， and entertainment.
Amy: However, at ABC company, professional dress is important for our corporate image.
In the abstinence version of ABC, for example, it meant that condoms were not given to teenagers despite many having sex before marriage, not always with a condom.
To accomplish first-class businesses, he can not but abdicate happiness, travels, entertainments, love and hatred, quarrels, arguments and clarifications.
When Paula Dobriansky told the gathering that the Bush Administration "will not abdicate our responsibility" to address global warming, the hall filled with boos.
Amid the excitement surrounding the birthday celebrations, the queen's cousin, Margaret Rhodes, said that she is "perfectly sure" the monarch will never abdicate the throne.
Those who are required in the new paradigm to abdicate the old thrones of power in both government and (especially) old - energy religion will not do so willingly. They will not fall without a fight.
However, there is no serious sign the erratic leader might abdicate.
In 1911 the forces of Sun Yat-sen established the Chinese Republic, and the last Qing Emperor, the hapless Puyi, was forced to abdicate. He lingered for years in the Forbidden City.
1795 - Partitions of Poland: Stanislaus August Poniatowski, the last king of independent Poland, was forced to abdicate and move to Russia.
U.S. finally succeeds in bringing down British monarchy -- well, at least they got Edward VIII to abdicate the throne when he picked divorcee Mrs. Wallis Simpson over the crown.
After the 1911 Revolution ,Pu Yi,the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty, decided to abdicate ,which symbolized the ending of China’s feudal dynasties that had lasted several thousand/ thousands of years.
The national conversation about whether she should abdicate in her son’s favour seems resolved into an acceptance that the 82 -year-old sovereign should stay in post for life.
Many people don't want to have to think about their investments, but you can't abdicate all responsibility.
I remember a white butterfly which went and came in the street. Summer does not abdicate.
The tradition continued into the Tang, especially during the reign of Taizong (627 — 648), after he had taken the throne by killing his two brothers and forcing his father to abdicate.
The British wanted another candidate to run Zanzibar, and demanded the nephew abdicate.
Ask for help, don't abdicate responsibility or tough it out yourself: I learned this lesson very early on in my project management career.
Refusal to Take Charge: When it comes to the bigger decisions that you need to make, you may well prefer to abdicate the responsibility to someone else.
They'll have to get more aid. And African governments once again get to abdicate their responsibilities.
Today I’m telling you that when you’re creating a system, you can’t abdicate your responsibility to train your people by bribing them.
Parents, I am told, often abdicate their responsibilities. Their feelings: Let the school handle discipline. But if we do that, look what happens.
As a member of this club, you can't abdicate your responsibilities.
You can use your left hand to massage her breasts, abdomen, or clitoris.
You can do this with your calf muscles, thigh muscles (front and back), chest, abdomen, buttocks, shoulders and back.
The procedure is done by inserting "wand - like cameras and tools" through small incisions in the abdomen and navel.
Your abdomen may feel like a general ball of achiness as your uterus stretches itself to its limit.
The procedure involves rubbing a gooey substance on your abdomen and gliding a wand across your belly to photograph what ’s inside.
For best results, focus on tightening only your pelvic floor muscles. Be careful not to flex the muscles in your abdomen, thighs or buttocks.
Perhaps she will allow children to touch her abdomen and feel the fetus move inside.
It was a testicle that had started descending. Across my abdomen, they found another one.
Several cannulas are placed in different locations on your abdomen to allow your surgeon to place instruments inside your belly to work and remove your spleen.
The 10 volunteers had a small glucose monitor embedded under the skin in their abdomen.
Childhood cancer survivors are at much greater risk of developing diabetes than their siblings, especially if their treatment involved radiation of the abdomen or total body, a new study reports.
LCpl Buhler was lucky enough to only suffer from shrapnel wounds to his abdomen, but his best friend, as he said, was "vaporized" right in front of him.
Place the baby on your abdomen or, if the cord is long enough (don't tug at it), on your chest.
Sit up as straight as possible, shoulders back, one hand on your upper chest, the other on your abdomen just above waist.
The most common treatment is to install a shunt in the brain to drain the excess fluid, usually into the abdomen.
More than 90% of these women had been abused by the father of the unborn child and between one quarter and one half of them had been kicked or punched in the abdomen.
But if a doctor were to put an ultrasound to the mother's abdomen a flickering light would appear.
Patients returned home with an ugly and permanent scar on their abdomen.
A cannula (a narrow tube-like instrument) is placed into the abdominal cavity in the upper abdomen or flank just below the ribs.
In this outpatient surgical procedure, your doctor views your abdominal cavity by making tiny incisions in your abdomen and inserting a fiber - optic tube with a small camera lens.
It may go through part or all of a previous incision, skin, an underlying fatty layer and into the abdomen.
After a minute of this touching, the researchers threatened the abdomen of the mannequin with a knife while administering a common physiological stress test.
Because excessive amounts of abdominal fat increases your risk for high blood sugar and other health problems.
This is dialysis in which patients filter their own blood by periodically injecting fluid into the abdominal cavity, which is later drained.
Obliged to surrender the presidency when he underwent abdominal surgery three years ago, he still exerts influence and an apparent veto power behind the scenes.
Symptoms of disease include abdominal cramps and diarrhoea, which may be bloody.
In most cases, symptoms are absent or mild, but can include fever, headache, enlarged lymph glands, pallor, muscle pain, difficulty in breathing, swelling and abdominal or chest pain.
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
The clinical features in the majority of cases include fever, headache, diarrhoea or colicky abdominal pain, and vomiting.
If you've had surgery in the pelvic or lower abdominal region, such as an appendectomy or a C-section, or infection in the area, you could have ongoing pain from scar tissue.
During a routine abdominal scan, doctors had discovered a tumor growing in his pancreas.
These risk factors include abdominal obesity, elevated triglycerides, high blood pressure, elevated blood sugar and a poor ratio of good-to- bad cholesterol.
However, the people who started out reporting high levels of depression increased in abdominal obesity and BMI at a faster rate than those who reported fewer symptoms of depression at year five.
Other experiments found that low - status monkeys suffered physical problems, including atherosclerosis in their arteries and an increase in abdominal fat.
Living in a stimulating, social environment was found to reduce abdominal fat in mice by half over four weeks, even if they ate more.
AAA is a localized widening and weakening of the abdominal aorta, and primarily affects elderly Caucasian men who smoke, have high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels.
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
No problems with upper abdominal organs either – liver, kidneys, gall bladder.
The surgeon may choose to sew your natural tissue back together, but frequently, it requires the placement of mesh (screen) in or on the abdominal wall for a sound closure.
Even scarier is that abdominal scans grew at a higher rate than head scans -- though CTs of the abdomen expose kids to seven times more radiation than scans of the head.
In studies conducted by other researchers, a regimen of simple weight training by sedentary men and women led to a significant decrease in waist circumference and abdominal fat.
Those symptoms include abdominal discomfort, urgency to urinate and pelvic pain.
You may need to concurrently push your stomach up with your very strong abdominal muscles.
Persistent severe abdominal pain or prolonged rectal bleeding after colonoscopy may be a sign of a developing complication.
Relatively weak abdominal and lower back muscles might also contribute to the problem.
In intestinal schistosomiasis, there is progressive enlargement of the liver and spleen, intestinal damage, and hypertension of the abdominal blood vessels.
Four hours later she experienced intense abdominal cramps that forced her into a fetal position for hours.
Use your lower abdominals to lift your bottom off your hands and down again.
Granted, there's a definite "beauty" standard for males: the square-jawed male models with rippling abdominals; Tom Cruise; and of course John F.
Slowly lie back, tucking in and tightening your abdominals at all times.
Great abdominal crunch. Legs up, working the full range of the abdominals. Come right down. We got a misbehaving pillow, take it down.
You can facilitate hand-to-foot play with active abdominals by gently and directly tapping the hip extensors on the surface.
This is a drill we use to strengthen the abdominals and the quadriceps.
And rightly so: it was the first occasion that Pitt's abdominals had been properly lighted, and Hollywood sat up and took notice.
The emphasis of the exercises is to strengthen the abdominals, improve posture, stabilize and lengthen the spine, improve balance and overall strength.
c. Pulses (lower abdominals): lie flat on your back and place your hands under your bottom and raise your feet towards the ceiling.
It is certainly a term that has taken on a life of its own. It is often used synonymously with abdominals, which is not completely accurate.
a. Crunch (upper abdominals): lie flat on your back and bend your knees.
The first part of the training was dedicated to fitness exercises, including loosening- up ones, abdominals and dorsals.
These body weight based workouts strengthen the shoulders, chest and abdominals.
Prepare for the exercise by bracing your abdominals from top to bottom.
Prepare for the exercise by bracing (contracting) your abdominals from top to bottom.
After that, it is pilates meant for the abdominals and lower back muscles.
The session started indoors: a brief warm- up followed by abdominals and stretching exercises with high hurdles.
Since a small shenyang's abdominals, has become the advertisers in the eyes of the fair.
Twists can be done with passive abdominals and active abdominals — the effects of these modalities are different.
The equation is clear: you are killed as you kill and abducted as you abduct, and as you damage our security we damage your security.
This deal and the circumstances under which it was made will provide encouragement and incentive to Hamas and to Hezbollah to abduct soldiers in the future, and make even more extreme demands.
In addition to seducing men, the cihuateteo may abduct children and cause madness and disease.
Jackson went on trial in 2005 on charges of molesting a 13 -year-old boy in 2003, as well as conspiring to abduct the boy.
It is a Sisyphean mission, and a dangerous one: the system encourages security officers to abduct and punish the petitioners.
The subordinate wolf may also abduct its rear leg to allow for anogenital inspection by the dominant wolf.
Being an alien you naturally like to abduct other species and their creations.
There was nothing to be “achieved ” except the joy of being so captivated by one other person that aliens could drop in, abduct the cat and go home and I’d never notice.
Israel said its troops entered to destroy a tunnel which could be used to abduct its soldiers.
The cyborg general of the droid army led a bold strike against Coruscant, and managed to abduct the Chancellor.
While they're incapacitated, Michael and Sara abduct Christina and bundle her into the trunk of his car.
When democracy by capital abduct later, the power that people can use is less and less.
Today we abduct only nerdy guys who live alone in Airstream trailers, primarily because they're nerds and, truth be told, we just like to mess with their heads.
Place effects, such as Abduct or Baleful Transposition, could also be used to dismount a rider.
LANGLY: Maybe with whoever it is they're looking to abduct next.
"Wanting don't taste an one mouthful" sways wine pot, takes one silk temptation and is favor big ash wolf to abduct little redhood.
I abduct her around all the young people, with their old get my growth.
Adductors are the muscles along the inside of the thigh. When you move sideways on the court, you adductors have to stretch so that you can abduct.
The middle portions of the deltoids abduct the shoulders, drawing them away from the trunk.
The police caught the man who tried to abduct the boy for ransom.
And why is he willing to use his own son to abduct them?
The police caught the terrorist who tried to abduct the girl for ransom.
Gabriele runs in, chased by a mob for killing a man who was attempting to abduct Amelia.
Sure, we may get a few aberrant album names if the MP3 files are not named right, but is it worth the effort to perfect that regular expression?
I should start off by saying that a technology conference like part of SXSW is probably not the most ideal situation to be noticing aberrant human behavior.
Traditional custom, taken the world over, is a mass of detailed behaviour more astonishing than what any one person can ever evolve in individual actions, no matter how aberrant.
The arrays were placed directly on the brain of a volunteer patient with epilepsy whose skull had already been opened to measure aberrant electrical signals that trigger seizures.
They've argued a sensed presence is associated with aberrant electrical activity in the temporal lobes of the brain - that's why people with temporal lobe epilepsy report the feeling so often.
An aberrant system call sequence would be a dead giveaway that the program has a bug or is being attacked.
Sylvia Amsler: This is not an unnatural, or aberrant behavior in any way, but actually has positive reproductive consequences for the males who do it.
Oops. These are aberrant situations you hope won't happen, and yet if they do your program has to cope.
These drugs aim, so far with modest success, to block aberrant molecules in tumor cells while leaving normal cells unscathed.
Therefore, true Sociological change will come from removing the conditions that cause the aberrant behavior patterns which pollute our societies.
In contrast, natural hosts for SIV infection, like sooty mangabeys, do not exhibit aberrant immune activation and do not develop AIDS despite high levels of ongoing SIV replication.
Server -side errors other than simple syntax errors exhibit themselves at runtime as exceptions or aberrant behavior.
The stress, she believes, was inflicted by human interactions with elephants —and she thinks that the aberrant elephant psychology at Pilanesberg is only an indication of something much larger.
JV: In a nutshell, please explain why this dinosaur was so "aberrant" and "strange ?"
Other reactive trace gases such as nitrous oxide and methyl iodide also remain at elevated and aberrant levels.
Those spirits were “trapped in a compound of frozen alcohol and glycol ,” then“ implanted ” with “the seed of aberrant behavior.
Our research has concluded that Scarcity is one of the most fundamental causes of aberrant human behavior, while also leading to complex forms of neurosis in other ways.
If it can be shown that the brains of gay people are physiologically different from heterosexual people, the idea that they are "aberrant" and may be changed is harder to sustain.
"People often focus on memory deficits when thinking about the significance of aberrant hippocampal function ," he said.
There also exists an aberrant immune response called a cytokine storm, in which the immune system of a healthy individual severely overreacts to a viral infection.
In other cases, an aberrant immune response can lead to an attack on self - tissue and cause a “autoimmune disease”, such as diabetes.
This complexity is not an aberration or something to be wished away: it's the new reality, and one that we have to address.
In that sense, the two “lost decades ” of economic stagnation in Japan since 1990 may turn out not to be an aberration but a taste of things to come.
Is it something that occurs by freak accident, some physiologic aberration, that occurs and causes great distress and suffering amongst mankind?
And though Communist leaders don’t “do” apologies, Mr Hu must persuade the world that a prickly year has been an aberration.
“These figures are always reported as shocking, ” notes Shirky, as if anything but a nice bell curve were an aberration, but Pareto distributions pop up all over.
He still grapples with whether his dad's attack was pre- meditated, or a momentary mental aberration.
All of the aberration behavior, which happened on the students of the university, have been punished.
Spherical Aberration -- causes light rays passing through a lens (or reflected from a mirror) at different distances from the optical center to come to focus at different points on the axis.
Astigmatism -- a lens aberration that elongates images which change from a horizontal to a vertical position on opposite sides of best focus.
We wish we could tell you that higher food prices are just a short -term aberration.
In that sense, the two “lost decades ” of economic stagnation in Japan since 1990 may turn out not to be an aberration but a taste of things to come.
The idea that risk management can be left to the moneymen is an “aberration ”.
Chromatic Aberration -- usually associated with objective lenses of refractor telescopes, is the failure of a lens to bring light of different wavelengths (colors) to a common focus.
Watch out for the occasional centaur - like Aberration spawned from infested settlements.
But there are some indications that the November numbers may be an aberration.
Last September, Mr. Summers explained to Shaw traders what appeared to be an aberration in a key interest rate, the London interbank offered rate, or Libor, thus helping its traders avoid losses.
That's meant lower costs and faster trading, but it has also helped aid and abet the current crisis.
And what of Iran, which apparently continues to aid and abet both Shi'ite and Sunni insurgent groups with IEDS and other weapons?
Under current legislation, those who "aid, abet, counsel or procure" someone to end their own life can be prosecuted and jailed for up to 14 years.
You can, however, buy shares in companies whose products and services encourage, abet, and enable time wasting and delay.
They are surely less of a danger to the West than Pakistan or Yemen, both at least somewhat functional countries where state ideology and state institutions abet terrorists.
Serving to aid or abet a lawbreaker, either before or after the commission of the crime, without being present at the time the crime was committed.
Identification of environmental factors that abet problem gambling is likewise crucial, she noted.
Such a theology could actually abet the good, increase the chances of a happy ending.
More abhorrent is to connect shading very small also by abet unkennel, came to even that stain dog also be disinclined look you are one.
You should not abet other foreign teachers not to follow teaching arrangement.
The vigorous tour activities promote consumption, flourish economy, enrich people's life, and abet luxury as well.
Attempted analyses of concepts in terms of necessary and sufficient conditions, even where they fail, abet discovery.
While the question of specie payments is in abeyance the prudent business man is careful about contracting debts payable in the distant future.
This is a good plan but not at this time. Let's just hold it in abeyance until things get better.
The question is in abeyance until we know more about it.
This law falls into abeyance when the country ’s security is threatened.
The law was held in abeyance for well over twenty years.
According to early traditions, the Prophet's revelations occurred in a state of trance when his normal consciousness was in abeyance.
The abbot was taken aback and could not abide her abeyance.
From our point of view, having the Eastern treaties in abeyance was exactly the ideal posture.
Let's hold that question in abeyance until we know more about it.
As of 1999 there have been no public reports concerning this program, which may be in abeyance.
It would be troublesome to have it constantly in mind until it is eliminated. The mind should be normally in abeyance ― incessant activity is a morbid state.
The recognition of sexual selection was for a long time in abeyance, but has been rehabilitated.
For a long time in that vast region, this law was in abeyance.
The mind should be normally in abeyance — incessant activity is a morbid state.
I have learned to see the relativity of things, to abhor war, and dogmatism in any form.
They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.
But since she felt that he understood her also, his business would be to make her see Beaufort as he really was, with all he represented -- and abhor it.
Yet in spite of this, when they are in the land of their enemies, I will not reject them or abhor them so as to destroy them completely, breaking my covenant with them. I am the Lord their God.
Much as it would abhor a nuclear - armed Iran, China does not want to jeopardise important supplies of oil and gas.
Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the throne of thy glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.
Muslims in England tend to abhor nationalism, associating it with the British National Party (BNP) and its white- supremacist nonsense.
While we embrace our unalienable rights, we abhor the value that other cultures place on collective conformity and obedience to authority.
For example, its authors abhor Congress ’s recent decision to give shareholders a say in how much chief executives are paid.
I will destroy your high places, cut down your incense altars and pile your dead bodies on the lifeless forms of your idols, and I will abhor you.
Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.
At this point in the history of mankind, we have been conditioned to abhor symptoms of any kind.
The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein.
That's not what most Muslims I talk to say; they abhor such nihilistic thinking.
They hate him that rebuketh in the gate, and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly.
Despite its abhorrence of his comments, the festival courts the spotlight as much as any celebrity.
They are driven by an idiosyncratic abhorrence of the market economy and its political corollary: representative government, freedom of thought, speech, and the press.
But despite his abhorrence for the Wall and the totalitarian system it symbolized, Reagan was even more mindful of the consequences of military confrontation with the Soviets.
The popularity of'no call'lists and our abhorrence for spam attests to this preference.
She could not determine how her mother would take it; sometimes doubting whether all his wealth and grandeur would be enough to overcome her abhorrence of the man.
As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous abhorrence.
The abhorrence of the gold standard is inspired by the superstition that omnipotent governments can create wealth out of little scraps of paper.
Smartly tailored uniforms, an abhorrence of cultural difference, and a desire for racial purity are all of a piece with fascist mysticism.
This week Americans voted in record -smashing numbers for many reasons, but one of them was an abhorrence of how their shining city ’s reputation has been tarnished.
An afternoon Islamic study group he joined during junior high school filled him with purpose, and eventually with anti - Semitism, anti - Americanism and an abhorrence of photography.
This event provided a ghastly climax to China ’s years of humiliation and confirmed its people ’s abhorrence of outsiders.
But as my discourse had increased his abhorrence of the whole species, so he found it gave him a disturbance in his mind to which he was wholly a stranger before.
Then, in "the difference and acclimation of the culture ", we describe about the foreign friends' acclimation, favorite, misunderstanding, abhorrence, and confusion for our Taiwanese night markets.
The vision of list Ping Ping in sparkle one silk abhorrence of feeling.
"Your elder sister. "The exterior of mother, in the Mou but flash along one silk is to the abhorrence of this appoint.
Paradoxically, Jerry's abhorrence of losses stems from the sad example of his father.
Bribe paying is not only abhorrent but is counterproductive in the longer term.
The manger is abhorrent, actually, is the most hateful to pull out of the pit shit, etc.
In the face of that inherent dignity, Gombinerconcludes, the human practice of delivering animals to the table in the form offood is abhorrent and inexcusable.
The possession of a gun is the ultimate test of individualism, and using guns in wars is not abhorrent.
I like to see a pattern and resolution, so it does pain me that what appears so lovely and natural to me would be regarded as abhorrent by most people.
Although she says she still loves me, the thought of having sex is something she finds abhorrent.
Torture is illegal and abhorrent under any circumstances, and we have nothing whatsoever to do with it.
We deeply regret that it happened, and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices.
The most abhorrent idea for modern readers is that Jewish concentration camp survivors were killed on returning home by gentile Poles who had taken over their property.
"Stoning as a means of execution is tantamount to torture. It's barbaric and an abhorrent act ," he said.
In truth, Tiller was practicing a form of medicine most Americans find abhorrent.
The United States condemned both attacks, calling the bombing in Damascus particularly abhorrent because it came during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
So the water on the left moves up in order to avoid there being the vacuum, its striving to avoid this abhorrent situation of a vacuum.
He writes that nine out of ten persons in the population were affected by some of this country’s abhorrent diseases.
Every event and every voice on every occasion will be vital in bringing new energy and commitment to turning the tide on a situation we can no longer abide.
Nuclear power should be the right of any nation that complies with its responsibilities under the treaty, "and it must be kept for all who fully abide by it, "Obama said.
He told Japan's TV Asahi, in an interview from Beijing, that he was "against third - generation succession ", but added," I think there were internal factors …[we] should abide by them.
But it’s no secret there were lots of things I was unhappy about with the management circumstances. I couldn’t abide them.
Otherwise, no one will use it and no one will abide by it.
There may be many providers for the service, and each of them may have a different name for the service or some other non- standard requirements that the service requester must abide by.
As long as I abide by some simple rules, I can – assuming I have the energy, and the money to get to the spot – prospect at the site for as long as I want.
His was a victory of “true democracy ” over dictatorship, he said. He would abide by “the principles of good governance ” and hold elections within 24 months.
The old partners have to accept that they can no longer set all the rules of the game — that is, make agreements that everyone else must abide by.
Your testing will be better and more comprehensive if you abide by this policy.
But the president today said he will abide by any decision parliament reaches.
For another, people seem to be fond of boasting off how they abide by traditions through holding grand funerals for their parents.
When we grow up with happiness and sorrows, a story is coming out. We find that we never abide by any promise, but we really loved each other at one time.
That commitment is at the core of the Treaty, and it must be kept for all who fully abide by it.
But he must abide by an unwritten rule: do not embarass the yakuza.
Commissioned persons shall abide by the various provisions on taxpayers in this chapter.
Hamas – in theory at least – says that it believes in leading by example rather than compelling people to abide by sharia law, unlike the jihadis who believe that morality should be enforced.
Russia's president said Sunday that Russian troops will begin pulling out of Georgia on Monday, as Western leaders called on Moscow to abide by its commitments under a cease-fire deal.
Scott Horton, a law professor at Columbia University and the senior consultant for the report, says most contractors in Iraq abide by the law.
People should be on no doubt that we are on the side of the law abiding.
Once we have, through analytic meditation, come to an insight or deeper understanding, then we should cease our analysis and begin the practice of "calm abiding.
I will do it with a heart filled with gratitude, with a deep and abiding love for our country - and with nothing but optimism and confidence for the days ahead.
By that time, I had already developed a deep and abiding interest in core software technology and programmer productivity, and in understanding the day - to-day life of the developer.
I'm afraid because I'll have to change my perception of myself, and accept my divine worth, abiding in the image of God.
Its orderly and law- abiding people know they live on one of the most geologically violent archipelagoes on the planet.
Richard Daley, the Mayor of Chicago fought hard to keep legal guns out of the hands of law abiding private citizens as the ban in Chicago, even included private homes.
Obviously it means this writer believes that the proper Gospel and the proper church should be a Law abiding church.
Those critical of encryption might suggest that law- abiding citizens have nothing to hide, but that simply isn't true.
To the extent that OK Cupid has any abiding faith, it is in mathematics.
So abiding in his love means continuing to believe, moment by moment, that we are loved.
But this seemed to backfire, as Locke patiently explained that he was simply abiding by the rules that apply to all US government personnel of his rank.
Moreover, even signatory countries may be bad at abiding by the convention, especially when it means enforcing the return of children to a parent alleged to have been abusive.
It is wrong because it assumes that abiding by the ethical norms for protecting patients' rights and welfare would impede scientific progress.
In ability she towers over all the others in her class.
Stewardesses on planes should be employed for their ability, not for their looks.
Like other candidates, I have the ability to do this job.
The fact that you have the ability to do something empowers you to do it, whatever the task might be.
On (the) one hand I admire your ability, but on the other (hand) I distrust your judgment.
This requires the ability to explain and persuade not only with logic but with emotion as well.
I assume they ask me because they believe a teacher should know the answers. Either that or they look at my gray hair and beard and believe that my age necessitates my ability to know.
We hear so much these days about the plasticity of the human brain - its ability to adapt to changing demands and circumstances.
Mean what you say. Say it with confidence in your ability to parent and with authority based on this confidence.
This depends on your ability to recognize the methods and classes in question, not to recognize the thread itself, per se.
It can give you the ability to store indefinitely your session data where it can be retrieved not only after a restart, but from any of a number of machines in a cluster.
While the project process may impose some content and formatting constraints on the information, each team should have the ability to determine how it produces the information.
So if the arrow of time is based on our consciousness and our ability to perceive it, then do people like you who understand it more fully experience time differently then the rest of us?
But when we focus on God and His ability and willingness to help us in every way -- all our excuses become insignificant.
The power of ideas and the ability to turn them into useful things is what propels us forward as a society.
Now you might be wondering whether it is possible at all to acquire this ability. Yes, it is possible, but this requires training and inner work.
Two of the most abject victims of wikinomics are the newspaper and music industries.
But I have since come to realize that my abject ignorance was really a gift: to be a literarily inclined illiterate at age 26 is one of the most glorious fates that can befall mortal girl.
"In contrast to the dominant idea of Moore, we propose that he presented the body as abject, erotic, vulnerable, violated and visceral," Stephens writes.
He is abject. He is a shining example of moral leprosy, a mixture of ferocity and jocularity that betrays supreme misery, perhaps, but is not conducive to attractiveness.
She whimpers; she is permanently in discomfort if not abject pain, not only from her arthritis but from leg ulcers and bedsores.
Even the offer of US dollars in the midst of abject poverty produced only shrugs, because there was simply no food to buy.
Tell your master, Nelly, that I never, in all my life, met with such an abject thing as she is.
Whenever I think of man ’s abject poverty, his rot, his spreading gangrene, I am gripped by mortal despair.
Thanks to the abject failure of Europe’s leaders since then, the similarities with 2008 are disturbingly real.
Nigerians now call for a revolution, which is to say there can be no peace while the majority of our people live in abject poverty and a tiny minority lives in gluttonous greed.
She dared to hope that an abject apology for breaking training, combined with Coach ’s pity and leniency, would put the matter to rest.
We know that there has been progress … in this hemisphere on gross domestic product increase and reduction of poverty, particularly abject poverty.
It is humiliating to expire. The supreme floating visions are abject.
Agathocles the Sicilian, who became King of Syracuse, was not only an ordinary citizen but also of the lowest and most abject condition.
But it’s worth stepping back to look at the larger picture, namely the abject failure of an economic doctrine — a doctrine that has inflicted huge damage both in Europe and in the United States.
Generating the economic growth needed to lift people out of abject poverty means ushering corporations into putative paradise.
In the ensuing struggle they grew more and more abject, crushed, exhausted while she surely rose to magnificent heights of insane fury of effort bred of her terror of me.
Abject failure to modernise or liberalise the economy in the past decade has left it vulnerable to further and bigger shocks in the next one.
An even tougher problem facing the developing world is that a high percentage of people living in abject poverty now have to cope with volatile food prices.
Whenever I think of man's abject poverty, his rot, his spreading gangrene, I am gripped by mortal despair.
Adrienne Lecouvreur on her deathbed was willing to confess and receive communion, but refused to abjure her profession.
She was willing to select, modify and incorporate alien eccentricities into her worship; but to abjure her own faith — never!
But consumer -oriented companies that abjure the blogosphere are missing out on opportunities to generate buzz, monitor customer concerns, and -- perhaps most importantly -- show their human side.
In addition to shunning narcotics, weapons and counterfeit currency, they should abjure “subversive activities ” or the“ display of religious, political or racial banners ”.
He also encouraged satyagrahis to feel empathy for their political opponents and to abjure violence against the British.
If you abjure something such as a belief or way of life, you state publicly that you will give it up or that you reject it.
The abject condition of those bondage saw him abjure all fealty to his society.
Some of the Roman Emperors tried to make Christians abjure their religion.
Some of the Roman Emperors tried to make Christians abjure their religion.
Some of the Roman Emperors tried to make Christians abjure their religion.
In addition to shunning narcotics, weapons and counterfeit currency, they should abjure "subversive activities" or the "display of religious, political or racial banners ".
"Prove to me from the Holy Writings that I am in error," he said, "and I will abjure it.
So, in a high- stakes, nationally televised debate, Obama might be called upon to defend his pastor and church, or abjure his faith.
Some of the Roman Emperors tried to make Christians abjure their religion.
Even those who should abjure their errors were condemned, if men, to die by the sword; if women, to be buried alive.
To realize this goal, in two ways, all artists had to abjure their isolation from the society.
When a forest goes ablaze, it dischargeshundreds of chemical compounds, including carbon monoxide.
Seconds later, there was a loud whooshing sound, "like somebody turned the furnace on," Gonzales recalls, and his truck was ablaze.
Glancing over his shoulder, he saw that the entire cab of his truck was now ablaze.
Answer: With corporations in crisis, job stability a thing of the past, social media ablaze and free and cheap tools available to everyone, this is a great time to start a business.
In the long run, the real question for Mr Mubarak is whether he wants to leave his country with a chance of peaceful change, or to leave it ablaze.
The colon was ablaze, like a bone - dry bale of hay soaked in gasoline and then set afire.
After setting the note ablaze he dropped it into an ashtray and watched it burn.
He woke up one night to find his blanket and bedroom ablaze from a candle that had fallen over.
Some buildings were still ablaze just before sundown on Monday, others were flattened by NATO air strikes.
WHEN the Middle East is ablaze, oil prices near record highs, the American economy cooling and the climate warming, it is hard to get excited about the beaching of trade talks.
Instead of a bonfire, a hut is built and then later set ablaze.
After being beaten and set ablaze, the two peasants were machine-gunned from close range.
The severe shaking had crumbled chimneys and overturned stoves, setting the Paris of the West ablaze.
Investigators planned to return to the scene today and sift through the ashes of the home which Pardo set ablaze using a bizarre homemade device that sprayed flammable liquid.
Al Jazeera TV showed images of buildings around the port ablaze, with fire coming out their windows, after an intense rocket barrage.
Virginia's Shenandoah Valley is ablaze with fall colors —the yellow and orange of poplars, birches, striped maples, and hickories, punctuated with the red of sugar and red maples.
Japan might be able to unload more of its steel abroad.
I am not the person that you are able to pry away from their friendship.
Only the chairman's strong control was able to impart some sense of seriousness to the meeting.
But I would like this life which moves and yearns in me, to be able itself to attain to comeliness, though but in transitory performance.
For once you have mastered that you will be able to do anything.
After working through this tutorial, you should be familiar with all these topics and be able to use them in your editing sessions.
Then hopefully we will be able to get something out of him.
Our reply: Yes, we would all love to be able to do this.
We should always be willing and able to learn from those around us.
You should be able to see how these definitions correlate to what you see when you use SMIT.
They should be able to read and understand everything on the printout.
With these settings, you should be able to log onto the remote machine without prompting for the password.
And it is not for me to set myself up as the one person able to answer it. And so I leave it with all of you: Which came out of the open door – the lady, or the tiger?
If the situation demands, he must be able to attend the meeting.
We had about ten hours' warning, so we were able to minimize the effects of the flood.
I know someone who should be able to fix you up.
She'll be able to dine out on that story for days.
If we can pass a rope round the sunken object, we might be able to raise it.
After reading a biography of Lincoln he was able to tell many stories about the President.
The rifle is able to throw a bullet about 4 miles.
The experienced boxer should be able to take a young opponent apart in a few rounds.
Mom: We, able- bodied people, should do something for the disabled.
I have never really thought of myself as disabled because I grew up in an able- bodied family.
She's also helping to design a new, improved wheelchair that she hopes will change the game much as graphite racquets did for able- bodied pros twenty years ago.
At a set time, able- bodied Romans seized the assembled women in an event now known as the Rape of the Sabine Women.
And they dreamed about walking just as often as the able- bodied participants.
Another possible advantage was that the prosthetics might allow the athlete to get back more of the energy they put into the track compared with able- bodied athletes.
Prior to World War II, America had provided benefits and care to those disabled by combat, but had paid little attention to its able- bodied veterans.
Saudi Arabia expects to host perhaps three million people in a ritual journey that every able -bodied Muslim who can afford it must make at least once in their lifetime.
B: I know I wouldn’t want to have to compete against them. They are more able - bodied than I am.
She also hired a coach, Sven Groeneveld, who has worked with some of the top able- bodied players, including current world number 1 Caroline Wozniacki.
Of course he has had to suffer the humiliations and obstructions facing all those in society who are not able - bodied 。
He replied: “If I take the able -bodied only, the young must die. If I take the mother, must I not take the child ?”
In able- bodied people, these "walking circuits" spring into action when they receive a signal from the brain, but if the spinal cord is damaged, the message from the brain never arrives.
For example, many millions of able - bodied British adults are now classed as “disabled, ” which enables them to claim disability benefits and disappear from the jobless rolls.
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she became the first amputee to swim in the finals of a major able - bodied competition when she made the final of the 800m freestyle.
Much of the remaining poverty, he said, involved households thatlacked migrant laborers or able-bodied workers.
Saudi Arabia expects to host perhaps three million people in a ritual journey that every able -bodied Muslim who can afford it must make at least once in their lifetime.
But all your able- bodied men, armed for battle, must cross over ahead of your brother Israelites.
Islam, Allah is a respected word that you need to have ablutions before saying.
Also, moral impurity is not removed or reducible through rituals, through washings and launderings, ritual ablutions and the like.
So purification offerings are brought; after the genital discharge has healed and passed; after the appropriate ablutions have been observed and the person is essentially pure.
It can be removed or reduced through rituals of ablutions or just the passage of time or other sorts of ritual observances.
The main sacrificial altar with a large ramp stood in that courtyard as well as a basin that was there for ablutions.
She sprang out of bed and accomplished the two ablutions of soul and body, her prayers and her toilet.
Let's just say that what they lack in shower and lavatory -block refinement, they compensate for with some of the finest settings Nature has devised. And there's always the RV for your ablutions.
Muslims perform their ablutions in the inner courtyard of the 17th century Jama Masjid mosque in New Delhi, India, before early morning Eid al- Adha prayers on November 7, 2011.
The sun tanned his light shoulders by the banks of the river when bathing, performing the sacred ablutions, the sacred offerings.
Watch any Frenchman at a campsite in the summer and see how long he spends shaving, trimming his moustache, and on general ablutions.
people have to pay even to use the rare communal lavatories that often overflow or to take a shower, so their ablutions often take place on sidewalks riven with makeshift drains.
A few days before I arrive in Banda, one of the gang's youngest members, a 14 -year-old girl, had been attacked with a 32) sickle as she went for her morning 33) ablutions in the fields.
A pair of suitcases filled with special shower heads for Islamic ablutions, and monumental razors and clippers, poke fun at the needs of the Muslim traveler.
And if we can hold onto that spirit today, I know that our generation will answer its call as ably as earlier ones did before us.
Yet would we say that banks are performing more ably than they were a half- century ago?
More importantly, Microsoft gets a team, ably led by the exceptional Tony Bates, that can compete with anyone.
Overall, however, this is a book of bold ambitions ably fulfilled.
The Financial Stability Forum, ably chaired by Mario Draghi of the Bank of Italy, has started to fill this gap.
Despite Strauss - Kahn’s alleged abuses, he by most accounts served ably at the IMF.
Fortunately, certified seeing-eye dogs are invari - ably conscientious in their duties, but in today's cartoon American Pat Oliphant plays darkly with the image of a hound running amok.
A Madagascar ring -tailed lemur, here gnawing a non- native cactus, ably carries pollen for native plants on its muzzle and hands.
Madagascar ring -tailed lemur, here gnawing a non- native cactus, ably carries pollen for native plants on its muzzle and hands.
Remark-ably, standard macroeconomic models did not even incorporate adequate analyses of banks.
Visionaries are those who have the power and ability to see from within and are ably guided by their inner senses.
If she stimulates his appetite ably, the result has been met instead much.
They are in ably silty in build slimy house, open a spiracle in corresponding place only, this.
This is a very excellent design - launder board comes out ably from the extend in the drawer.
Obviously, the original author of original features, borrow jade the ably originally carved with skin, for more common jade color.
It is time for the Congress to create comprehensive regulators who can ably assess and economically regulate, if necessary, the entirety of the US financial market.
Bruce could always succeed to read her minds and ably use his magic to make her laugh again.
As the element of a kind of OK and free commutation, if use cloth art ably, can let household often change Chang Xin.
Pan is hanged ably on a frame that comes down from housetop hang oneself, stretch his hand to be able to be taken.
Everyone left with a great appreciation for those brave men who serve our country so ably, and the system behind it that produces such a consistent, excellent "product ."
They have one abnormal gene from that parent and one normal gene from the other parent.
The machinist pressed his ear to the instrument in order to listen and tell where the abnormal sound came from.
These materials are known as "radioisotopes "— versions of an element that, because they have an abnormal number of neutrons, frequently decay and release radiation.
These drugs interrupt the growth of the abnormal cells that produce amyloid protein.
This abnormal shutdown prevents the device from being managed by another manager instance.
In vice, the attraction of the abnormal creates a troubling anxiety: the spirit seems to have become blood and stirs in the flesh like an immanent force.
We think we may have an almost complete understanding of the set of abnormal genes which drive this cancer.
Whether you inherited an abnormal breast cancer gene or acquired it, if you have one normal gene, that gene will still work to control cell growth and prevent cancer.
But experts are loath to offer specific definitions of "normal" and "abnormal ," pointing out that men show great variations in both frequency and technique.
Migraine headaches are caused by abnormal blood flow to the brain.
Know your blood lipids: Raised blood cholesterol and abnormal blood lipids increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Female ejaculation is considered rare in the west, and even, by some, abnormal.
The idea that someone should not be punished if their abnormal neural make -up leaves them no choice but to break the law is contentious but not new.
A: A growth reference provides a basis for making comparisons but deviations from the pattern it describes are not necessarily evidence of abnormal growth.
Knowing that certain brain areas are abnormal, she said, meant that scientists could try to work out ways of training or medicating the brain to get around the damage.
Some disorders are the direct result of abnormal RBC metabolism and interference with glycolysis.
"After the suicide, we sent psychology majors to monitor students who are more introverted, and will have them report to us if they see abnormal behavior," Pan said.
We identified the mutation that triggers this abnormal re - activation of developmental genes and showed that if you turn off these genes, you stop the cancer.
Marijuana can decrease sperm motility and increase the number of abnormal sperm.
By analyzing the trace files, you can detect abnormal application behavior, such as database resource leaks.
Up to half the eggs of young women and up to 75% of those in women over 39 have abnormal chromosomes.
A woman who has an abnormal breast cancer gene and develops breast cancer in one breast might opt for mastectomy of the affected breast and prophylactic removal of the other, healthy, breast.
Women diagnosed with breast cancer who have an abnormal BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene often have a family history of breast cancer, ovarian cancer, or both.
No man has ever been proud to be deemed a “premature ejaculator ” by his lover, but in truth it is more of a hardwired system for survival, than an abnormality.
Not all are convinced, and with good reason: if one quarter of American women is considered to have a mental abnormality, the notion of normality becomes questionable.
One theory is that children and adults with hyperactivity have an abnormality in the shape of the receptor molecules on the surface of the nerve cells to which the transmitters attach themselves.
Inherited genetic abnormality: Some people are born with an abnormal gene passed on by a parent.
It ’s likely in part a biologically based brain disorder, and there may even be a perceptual abnormality, some kind of fundamental visual processing problem.
The neurological indication is of a cerebellar abnormality with no sign of peripheral neuropathy.
According to experts, this phenomenon caused bymetabolic abnormality of lipoprotein or lipoidosis is very rare. The reasonof the changing of the blood color is still unknown.
The engineered mice validate the human chromosome abnormality as one cause of the disease, the researchers said. They will also serve as an invaluable tool for therapeutic development.
Have a disease or abnormality of the cornea, such as keratoconus or corneal edema.
The results could have implications for understanding the functional significance of a prominent brain abnormality observed in neuropsychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia.
"Misuse of hormones led to such abnormality ," said Abdel Kareen Abu Znaid, the pharmacist who will be preserving the chicken.
The scientists also found that the more severe the aggression and antisocial behaviour in the teenagers, the greater the level of brain abnormality.
If some abnormality is found in a person's brain, the doctor's report is submitted as mitigating evidence and the defendant may be treated more leniently.
What surprised the scientists was the power of this genetic abnormality on metabolic factors such as cholesterol and triglyceride levels and insulin resistance.
That genital abnormality could indicate a disruption in testosterone levels, Freinkel says.
Many who suffer from attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) appear to have a genetic abnormality that may predispose them to the condition, British researchers report.
However, some scientists are concerned that this type of screening is expensive and turns up many false - positive results — indications that an abnormality or disease is present when in fact it is not.
For example, no one knows for sure whether dysfunctions in the serotonin system are a cause of mood disorders, or whether they simply reflect some more fundamental abnormality.
They are also more likely to have a miscarriage or stillbirth, or for their babies to be born with an abnormality.
Previous methods of screening embryos to detect abnormality have not proven to be sufficiently effective in increasing live birth rates.
The duplicated chromosomal region in mice is the equivalent of human chromosome 15q11 - 13, the most frequent cytogenetic abnormality observed in autism, accounting for some five percent of all cases.
Her father, however, remained aboard and was among those who drowned when the giant ship finally went down in the early hours of next day.
We picked up several from different parts of the planet, took them aboard our recon vessels, and probed them all the way through.
If you plan to cruise, how many crew may be aboard?
Aboard his plane, however, the secretary tries to downplay the importance of the budget votes.
For this deployment, the Mercy will be configured with special equipment and a multi - specialist medical team to provide a wide range of medical services both aboard the ship and on shore.
On behalf of my crew... I'd like to welcome you aboard British Airways flight 602 from New York to London.
It is Ripley who makes the right decision in refusing to allow the alien aboard the ship, only to be overruled by her male colleagues.
The idea isn’t that these building blocks are just passengers aboard meteorites, but that the chemistry inside asteroids and comets can actually manufacture the essential building blocks of biology.
Among the views of Earth afforded astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS), surely one of the most spectacular is of the aurora.
"Then tell her," rejoined he, "that I spake again with the black-a- visaged, hump -shouldered old doctor, and he engages to bring his friend, the gentleman she wots of, aboard with him.
With this Solar System photography showcase, we welcome you aboard the space ship and invite you for a virtual trip into the world of enigmatic cosmic beauty.
It's also one of the few scientific professions where motion sickness is a real risk, as I'm learning aboard the ship, which is buffeted by the advance wind and sea swells of Tropical Storm Fiona.
This month, researchers aboard the U. S. icebreaking ship Nathaniel B. Palmer are cruising in the Ross Sea in search of the signatures of this current system.
A humanoid robot will visit space for the first time in September aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery, NASA announced Wednesday.
The Deans had not chosen to be aboard the Titanic, but because of a coal strike they were transferred to the ship and boarded it as third-class passengers at Southampton.
Some had traveled to China aboard the same flight that carried an infected Mexican man -- the country's first confirmed case.
If there's an emergency evacuation, leave all your bags, packs and possessions aboard.
Then we glissaded down the powdery slopes, jumped aboard our waiting helicopter, and flew to a picnic spot at the edge of an obliterated forest.
All four infrared detectors aboard WISE were used to make this image.
One of the rescuers dived in and pulled her aboard the boat, where she was wrapped in blankets and given warm sugar water to drink while being rushed to hospital.
The people willingly, and without the slightest suspicion, hopped aboard two ships – women in one, men in the other.
Russian news agencies said today that the hijackers got aboard the ship after claiming their inflatable boat was in trouble.
Argentina extended its travel ban to Mexico, and in Trinidad, the crew aboard a Mexican tanker was kept in isolation over the weekend.
Officials say all 20 crew members aboard the South Korean -owned Hanjin Tianjin were confirmed to be safe.
He lifted the fish aboard, careful not to jerk the line over his shoulder.
Passengers moved from one to another until finally taking a seat on the benches aboard the fastest, which whisked them across the bridge at 16 km / h.
Does he expect to find among the ruins of this Union a happier abode for our swarming millions than they now have under it?
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
According to legend, Fuji used to be the abode of a fire goddess who would be jealous of any other woman in the vicinity (indeed until 1868 only men were allowed to make the climb).
To an extent, they demonstrated in a vivid way that the "abode of Islam" is not blood-thirsty but freedom -thirsty.
No, they are officials whose children and spouse, not because of work, all live abroad or have acquired a foreign nationality, or have the right of permanent abode in foreign countries.
You can make a little extra cash while you’re vagabonding and come back to your abode once your adventure is over.
A: No, they are officials whose children and spouse, not because of work, all live abroad or have acquired a foreign nationality, or have the right of permanent abode in foreign countries.
For reasons unknown, the first floor bedroom of this otherwise nondescript abode is located in that army green truck.
If your abode has a certain charm and you're willing to put in marketing hours, you can transform unused space into a monthly moneymaker.
Since we had little money, we scoured antique shops and flea markets for hidden treasures—and hauled a good deal of “junque” back to our abode.
Members of the Executive Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region shall be Chinese citizens who are permanent residents of the Region with no right of abode in any foreign country.
Although his condition causes poor eyesight, he relies on other senses to navigate his abode in a San Francisco aquarium.
He was the king of Uruk, a city in southern Mesopotamia, who sought immortality by searching for the “Stairway to Heaven and the abode of the Gods .”
I'd heat my abode with scavenged wood burned in a woodburner made from an old gas bottle and I had a compost toilet to make "humanure" for my veggies.
Paris was unstintingly at that time the Mecca of music and the abode of the greatest musicians.
Inspired by Bauhaus architecture, the spacious Cubix dog house is a hand-built contemporary abode for man's best friend.
This migrant worker from Anhui province has constructed his abode from wood scraps, furniture, and other
The zenana, which from an outside view is a place of confinement, for me was the abode of all freedom.
I can fly to Heaven, the abode of the angels, in an instant. I can also fly to the abode of the ghosts.
It was during one of his strolls that he had hit upon the Gorbeau house, and, tempted by its isolation and its cheapness, had taken up his abode there.
The bride is then whisked away by her new husband who takes her to their humble abode.
If it is an unjust law you would abolish, that law was written with your own hand upon your own forehead.
The end of law is not abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom.
A democratic government isn’t likely to abolish the peace treaty with Israel – even some of the leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood have said they would respect it.
The Swedish Pirate Party proposes to abolish software patents, and if that is done, this issue would go away.
Thus, we should not seek to abolish the social safety net overnight because that would harm those who have grown dependent on government - provided welfare.
Will he side with those who want to abolish teacher tenure and otherwise curb the power of teachers ’ unions?
If she would ride naked through Coventry market -place at midday as a celebration of the perfection of God's work, he would in return abolish all local taxes save those on horses.
He stands pledged to abolish slavery in Columbia (the district round Washington) under the conditions we have shown.
Many hoped that Alexander II would continue with his reforms and abolish some of the unjust policies of Tsarist Russia.
But the move to abolish shared berths for rail passengers travelling alone from London to Cornwall shows that, like Greta Garbo, we all now want to be alone.
Another way to cut spending substantially is to abolish or substantially cut the size of the Departments of Energy, Education, and Labor.
But when he tried to abolish the rural health clinics Hillary and I had established, large numbers of people who depended on them showed up to protest.
Once a people begins to interfere with the voting qualification, one can be sure that sooner or later it will abolish it altogether.
Our manifesto is to reform copyright laws and gradually abolish the patent system.
If we could abolish the government monopoly on the creation of money, the Federal Reserve would be forced to clean up its act or go out of business.
The Ebionites claimed that Jesus was horrified by cruelty to animals and that one of the primary aspects of his mission was to abolish the practice of ritual slaughter.
It started when the southern states began seceding from the U .S. because they had slaves working in their fields and wanted to keep slavery. The Union wanted to abolish it.
Collectivize property and you abolish the market for capital goods. No prices emerge.
First, goals must be formulated, which, in this case, would be the instant abolition of slavery or whatever other statist oppression we are considering.
The true test, then, of the radical spirit, is the button -pushing test: if we could push the button for instantaneous abolition of unjust invasions of liberty, would we do it?
The abolition of slavery was only a dream -- until it was fulfilled.
But the reform movement of the 1850s could only support one major effort, and that proved to be the abolition of slavery, a movement in which women played a key role.
While IE6 criticism is not a new phenomenon, last week ’s events give those of us who advocate for the abolition of IE6 (myself included) new ammunition.
Instead, they gave socialists a way to think about the problem and figure out for themselves how the abolition of capitalism could help them find an answer.
But the goal of these powerful establishment reformers was less the celebration of diversity than its abolition.
A mug from Philosophy Football, suppliers of T -shirts to more rarified sports fans, reads “My other mug supports the abolition of the monarchy ”.
More than a quarter -- over twice the national average -- are self - employed small - business owners, and most support reducing taxes and the abolition of the estate tax.
The left has contributed to terrific success in such areas — from the abolition of slavery to the formal end this week of the ban on gays serving openly in the military.
Suriname imported Javanese Muslim contract workers from Java, Indonesia 150 years ago after the abolition of slavery during its Dutch -controlled colonial period.
If we do not wish to see a complete collapse of the dollar, the Fed needs to be subject to a strict audit of its actions, if not an outright abolition of its charter.
At the Geneva conference in 1932, Japan's delegate Osami Nagano proposed the abolition of aircraft carriers, long-range submarines, limitation of large offensive capital ships.
John Brown was a radical abolitionist who believed in the violent overthrow of the slavery system.
“Darwin’s starting point, ” they write, “was the abolitionist belief in blood kinship, a ‘ common descent ’ ” of all human beings.
Pierre Toussaint, the 19th-century Haitian abolitionist, former slave and devout Catholic — who, like Cooke, has been championed by the Archdiocese of New York — has been in line since 1943.
Two years in advance of the deadline, abolitionist senators drafted an act to ban the practice, to become effective Jan. 1, 1808.
Where Dickinson withdrew into the self, Higginson, a passionate abolitionist, tried to realise his ideals, but both were paradoxical individuals.
Butler was no abolitionist, but the three slaves presented a problem.
where people are learning about the African-American leader Frederick Douglass, who was born a slave in 1818, but escaped to become a leading abolitionist.
The stereotypic Abolitionist, Robber Baron, Progressive Reformer, New Dealer is as good a place as any to begin understanding the past, but each of these inherited images needs critical adjusting.
Escaping to Massachusetts in 1838, at age 21, Douglass was helped by abolitionist editor William Lloyd Garrison and began to lecture for anti-slavery societies.
Still, Clay was a national leader. He knew it would be bad to stand too strongly opposed to the growing abolitionist movement.
Farley is a leading proponent of the “abolitionist ” view that prostitution is inherently harmful and should be eradicated, and her findings are likely to inflame an already contentious issue.
After escaping slavery, Truth embraced evangelical religion and became involved in moral reform and abolitionist work.
Bill Thomas, for example, is a geriatrician who calls himself a ''nursing home abolitionist'' and built the first Green Houses in Tupelo, Miss.
He failed, and any successor who wants to arrest the abolitionist trend is likely also to be frustrated.
Relax: An Iranian A- bomb is not a big danger, and, in fact, it might help stabilize the Middle East.
Gone is the untroubled assumption that the mighty power of the A- bomb turned Japan from a fanatically suicidal nation at war to one begging for surrender.
In the dark world of warfare, each new tool is a more effective way to harm people. The A- bomb could be the point of no return.
Historians have decided that Japan’s surrender was not just about the A- bomb, and many people are taking this to mean that nuclear weapons are, after all, irrelevant.
Iran's announcement of an advance in its uranium -enrichment program —and thus a potential step closer to an A-bomb—has sparked four responses in various opinion pages
Dr. Oppenheimer: We need you to stand next to the A - bomb and see what happens when it explodes.
His brief and subdued remarks to the A- bomb survivors were received with respectful, but brief applause.
The A - bomb hurt nobody over and above the abraded king, causing the abscess.
The mushroom cloud of the A- bomb hung over the desert again.
However, the pilot choose to drop the A - bomb in Nagasaki due to the weather conditions at last.
It is an article about Hiroshima. You know, Hiroshima is famous about A- bomb.
Lily: It is an article about Hiroshima. You know, Hiroshima is famous about A- bomb.
A- BOMB mixes everything we know about how binaural doses can effect you, and ramps it up times infinity.
The mushroom cloud of the A- bomb hung over the desert again.
On August sixth, nineteen forty-five, the first atomic bomb fell on the city of Hiroshima. Three days later, a second A- bomb fell on the city of Nagasaki.
However, if the United States with its planes plus the A- bomb is to launch a war of aggression against China, then China with its millet plus rifles is sure to emerge the victor.
The A - bomb hurt nobody over and above the abraded king, causing the abscess.
China has successfully exploded the first A- bomb, which aroused great attention and echo.
China's successful explode of A - bomb arose huge response all over the world.
A - bomb - in able (Defeat Mimiron without anyone in the raid being hit by a Bomb Bot on Normal Difficulty.
China explode the first A- bomb successfully which made a great effect in world wide.
The mushroom cloud of the a -bomb hang over the desert again.
He says he got it when he was a sailor for the A-bomb tests in the Pacific, but the VA won't give him the time of day.
Can such abominable pride as his, have ever done him good?
This demonstrates that she is able to excel at something, even within the confines of her meager existence and abominable sweaters, and implies potential yet untapped.
Than Shwe should be held accountable for abominable atrocities: his soldiers rape ethnic women and children, they torture, mutilate and murder at will.
"Well, now I know the world," said the beetle to himself; "it's an abominable world; I'm the only respectable person in it.
In literature, ¬ attractiveness often symbolizes an admirable protagonist, while ugliness indicates the abominable antagonist.
They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.
The concept of “ruling the country by the party ”, held by some comrades, is a manifestation in our Party of an abominable tradition of the Kuomintang.
Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.
So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about.
They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
At the time of Darwin, the fossil record of flowering plants did not seem to show signs of evolution, leading him to describe their origin as "an abominable mystery ".
How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?
Darwin called the origin of flowering plants an "abominable mystery ."
Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
She wouldn't have borne your abominable behaviour quietly: her detestation and disgust must have found voice.''
For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries
“The angiosperm radiation revisited, an ecological explanation for Darwin’s abominable mystery. ” Ecology Letters 12: 865 - 872.
It is the language of prisons, galleys, convicts, of everything that is most abominable in society!
Any parent or school teacher who takes a secret and abominable delight in torture is allowed to lay traps into which every child must fall, and then beat it to his or her heart's content.
Criminalizing cancer and AIDS patients for using a substance that is (a) prescribed by their doctors and (b) legal under the laws of their state has always been abominable.
But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab.
The devil had seized her ankle, Nelly: I heard his abominable snorting.
Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work of nought: an abomination is he that chooseth you.
They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
The old leadership is wedded to the one-child policy, but the new leadership, which is due to take over next year, can think afresh. It should end this abomination as soon as it takes power.
And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an abomination.
If you ’ve come out as a homosexual or anything that is sometimes perceived as an abomination or against the Bible or social norms, what has been your experience?
It is clear that toevot are a transgression of national and cultural boundaries, not an abomination.
Divers weights [are] an abomination unto the LORD; and a false balance [is] not good.
But the new parliament will remain tightly controlled by the same military that has turned Burma into a political and economic abomination.
And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.
For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.
The thought of foolishness is sin: and the scorner is an abomination to men.
It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.
The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, when he bringeth it with a wicked mind?
Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul: but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil.
They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.
And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate.
The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight.
These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him
an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.
When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
The word abomination makes me think of things that are unnatural and immoral.
He has lived among the aboriginal inhabitants for a few years.
Each chapter begins with the myths, so in the sun chapter, for instance, we have an Aztec myth, an ancient Egyptian myth, an Aboriginal myth.
Many of us have passed through Wulai to view its famous waterfall, but have you ever stopped to appreciate the unique sounds coming from the heart of this ancient aboriginal village?
From ritual songs to those intended purely for entertainment, the Atayal, like all other aboriginal groups, have been using music to transmit knowledge and enhance social relations.
He dropped out of school and worked in a remote aboriginal community in the far north of Queensland and for an antinuclear senator.
Kathy: Well, we should get back so we can catch that aboriginal performance.
Amundsen may have come up with the idea after hearing stories of aboriginal hunters in Greenland eating their sled dogs in winter.
Han Taiwanese as well as indigenous filmgoers don aboriginal dress for the viewing.
Pregnant Aboriginal women were believed to make the best divers, as it was thought they had greater lung capacity.
Not all aboriginal groups saw the Japanese as their chief oppressors.
"The content of it (the apology) will be real, meaningful, substantive... it is really important to get it right ," Rudd said on Tuesday, promising to consult with aboriginal leaders.
The director said he believes hiring unknown aboriginal actors brings a degree of authenticity to the movie.
He works as a pastor in his village and was originally enlisted by Mr. Wei to serve as guide in Taiwan's aboriginal areas in his search of potential actors.
The 46 -year-old Aboriginal elder suffered third degree burns after collapsing in the heat and falling to the floor of the van while it travelled 250 miles from Laverton to Kalgoorlie in 47C heat.
The Atayal are proud to demonstrate their unique musical style, so next time you are in Wulai, check out an aboriginal show and gain some insight into Taiwan's ancient, musical past.
The train was running late, but the 35 aboriginal children who had travelled for two hours through the South Australian desert to meet it did not seem to mind.
Painted totems attest to the enduring connection between Fraser Island and its Aboriginal inhabitants, the Butchulla people.
The rock art, which ranges from 15, 000 years old to 50 years old, chronicles Aborigine life, including scenes depicting relationships with other cultures.
In Aborigine culture -- the oldest continuous culture in the world, according to experts -- rock art serves as the only written record of past events.
Dr. Willerslev and his colleagues needed DNA from an Australian Aborigine who wouldn't have carried genes from European settlers.
Over the years, Aborigine tribal members have updated past artworks with different styles and new subjects.
Dr. Willerslev found the DNA he needed in a 100 - year -old hair sample from an Aborigine who lived in a relatively remote area of southwest Australia.
The undated painting was found during an fall 2008 expedition at Djulirri in the Aborigine territory of Arnhem Land in northern Australia.
Tasmanian Aborigine - The Tasmanian Aborigine was of a different race to those on the mainland with features more similar to Africans.
An Aborigine rock-art scene portrays a steam ship carrying humans -- possibly missionaries -- with hands on their hips, a gesture associated with Europeans.
Lin Ching-tai, an aborigine from the Atayal tribe who plays the lead role of a Seediq tribal chief, had never acted previously.
She represents her Aborigine people to the fullest, fights for them, and gives them something to believe in.
“My uncle told me our dreaming tracks flow from the hills above it,” dreaming tracks— also called songlines— being an aborigine ’s spiritual connection to the contours of the actual land.
In the aborigine language, Wirra Wirra means "place of happiness". Let us meet at Aussino and for the happy life, cheers!
In the aborigine language, Wirra Wirra means "place of happiness". Let us meet at Aussino Cellar and for the happy life, cheers!
Everybody from the CEO of a large corporation to the aborigine in Northern Australia will all totally be looked after as they go through this metamorphosis.
Hidden deep within a lush Australian rainforest are a set of mystical Aborigine sculptures seemingly merged into the natural surroundings.
One of the earliest known inhabitants of a place; an aborigine.
There is a strong relationship between the Taiwanese aborigine's prejudice of "The model of culture and human information behaviour "and information seeking behaviour.
There were some shows before lighting the tree. The first show was aborigine's dance.
"aborigine" is the more Kongjian of their title, but also the Institute's name is the embodiment of his personal landscape design concepts.
Prof. Li often takes his students into the field for research. Here they visit an aborigine tribe in the mountains.
